the one thing about myself is that a
very competitive person failure is not
an option
having a lot of the bad things happened
to me you know putting me into the
hospital and learning from that I
started reflecting back and saying you
know what I got into this industry to be
healthy I want to get myself into the
best shape of my life not only for my
age for any age to get myself ripped up
like they did in a competition I need to
step forward
by being humble being passionate
aspiring nutrition it's the sky's the
limit
the one thing about myself is of a very
competitive person failure is not an
option so you know in business there's
some things that are just beyond your
control you're dealing with employees
you're dealing with outside forces that
sometimes you just can't really do
anything about and that's one thing
that's very difficult for me because you
know when I go for something I go to win
I go not to fail and when things do
happen that are not really what you want
to have happen it affects me and it
affects me mentally and actually the
stress from me basically not being able
to do what I wanted to do and things
that were happening around me were
things that I didn't want to happen and
there was things that I just couldn't
control landed me in the hospital
because of stress I had to look back at
that and say to myself I needed to make
changes in my life and some of the
things that I did to make the changes
we're putting the right people in place
in my business it was too difficult for
me to be Superman to try to do
everything I did have some good people
that work for me but I need to make more
changes and have the right people in the
business that can handle a lot of the
day-to-day activities look at the books
look at things that were happening in
the business itself and the vision was
still mine but having the right people
in place to run my business properly I
mean it was very important and you know
I saw a doctor and I saw a cardiologist
and he basically said the life that
you're leading will eventually make you
die at a young age from the stress so I
had to totally look at this and say you
know what I have to change the way I am
the most important thing is my health
you know and I have younger kids and I
want to be alive for these kids you know
when they go to college and get married
and I thought about things like that
I came from where my father was much
older and I lost my father at 35 my
father never got to see the success of
gaspari nutrition so I thought about
like wanting to live as long as I can to
see my kids do as much as they can and
live to a hundred years old hopefully as
a bodybuilder you know I learned to eat
every couple hours to keep my metabolism
up to eat the proper foods protein
complex carbohydrates vegetables and I
was just eating three to four times a
day which is not what I was supposed to
be able to portray as this health
advocate what was really important is I
plan my day and eating my food the right
way but then there's also it's even
easier because there's people like Carla
Phillip owners and IFBB Pro as a
business called in motion meals that
actually has meals prepared already that
gives you the protein carbohydrates fats
it has its vegetables fibers so there's
no excuses and be able to eat properly
you just have to do it learning health
and nutrition and health awareness has
to start at a young age the biggest
problem with this country is why we
become the most fattest and the world is
because you know there's junk food
that's very easily obtainable kids don't
really learn about nutrition it has to
be taught at a very early age I'm very
impressed with the president's wife
Michelle Obama who's pushing health
awareness with these kids to eat
properly at a very young age because
kids don't know any better you can
brainwash them to eat junk food and
they're gonna eat junk food but if you
tell teach them on how to eat properly
you know eating vegetables eating proper
you know nutrition through protein and
and supplementation as they get older
they're gonna be healthier I work a lot
where I travel as as the face of the
company I'm the guy who's the face of
the company it has to go different
places throughout the world I go to
Europe I've been to Asia been to Africa
everywhere in United States you can
think of I've been there you know as a
representative aspiring nutrition I'm
not afraid to be out there in the public
eye but it's also important that with
all this traveling that I keep a balance
with family and it does become hard
because you know my wife has to be
understanding and it is hard for her as
well even though she works in the
company
I love to come home and give them all
perfectly all now this it's for the
children because you know balancing
family with work is definitely not easy
you know I'd love to sit here and tell
you how easy it is and be like Martha
Stewart but you know it takes a lot out
of me it takes a lot out of the kids
from us traveling and rich traveling all
the time and I have to play mommy daddy
wife business owner therapist constantly
and helping rich I I make the time and I
know he's passionate and he wants to do
this and he's got this transformation I
think it's awesome it's amazing that
he's doing it and watching him do it is
incredible he showed me a different way
of life to eat better take care of
myself I mean I honestly don't train as
much as I should but that's what work
comes in all the time the kids I feel
like I need to dedicate my time to the
kids and any other time I have I'm
cooking Rich's meals and separate meals
for the children you know I put
everybody first before I put myself but
now I kind of stuff myself in there to
give myself a better life to be a better
mother a better way but I actually feel
much better thanks to him inspiring
so you have to make balance you got to
make time to just spend time with the
family and sometimes it is hard
especially now in this preparation to
look the way I want to do it's they've
been you know put back a little bit for
me to be able to do this but afterwards
you know I can go away
I have a house in Florida that we just
spend time at to relax going away with
the kids going to the boardwalk the
Jersey Shore Seaside Heights in the
summertime spending time in the pool all
these things with the kids are very
important but we do try to make time for
ourselves going out getting a babysitter
going out to dinner doing things like
that which is really important because
just working and no plague doesn't make
a healthy person in that you know and
that's one thing that I've learned that
I need to stay well balanced when I
competed as a pro I was very focused and
my focus was to win and always look my
best my edge was always my shape my
definition my muscularity if I lost that
edge I would get beaten so it was very
important that I had to keep that edge